---
# Feel free to add content and custom Front Matter to this file.
# To modify the layout, see https://jekyllrb.com/docs/themes/#overriding-theme-defaults

layout: home
---

Hello ;-)

I have joined the Cloud Foundations Group at IBM Research Haifa as a Research
Staff Member in 2013. Surprisingly, this was my last year of using Java
professionally, though I have continued to follow its development closely. 

Since 2014, I have had the opportunity to help build Watson Developer Cloud as
tech lead of a small team, initially being responsible for key parts of its
distributed systems infrastructure. This has allowed me to gain first-hand
experience of Site Reliability Engineering, which, in turn, has led me to move
up the stack to figure out how simple machine learning and statistical
techniques can help SREs make better sense of vast amounts of monitoring data.

More recently, my focus has been two-fold (pun intended). I have continued to
work on **operational analytics** to develop tools for SREs and NREs that
improve the accuracy of monitoring alerts, enhance alerts with more actionable
information and help with root cause analysis by applying statistical and
machine learning techniques to telemetry data about system operation. In
addition, I have begun to look into issues around the **productionisation of
machine learning** applications. I am trying to understand what it would take to
develop the equivalent of the processes, tools and best practices we have become
accustomed to in the development of traditional software to the development and
management of machine learning applications. 

A few emerging interests I am keen to learn more about and hope to get a chance
to work on at some point are: Quantum Computing, Exascale Computing, EdTech,
Systems Biology and Predictive, Preventive, Personalised and Participatory
Healthcare.

What motivates me is a general sense of curiosity and the desire to solve real
problems. I would like to build computing tools that can help accelerate the
discovery of knowledge to relieve suffering and improve lives. A tall order and
I have not figured out yet how to get there, but it is something to aspire to.
This and: autonomy, challenge, purpose, responsibility, teamwork. 

I am quite pleased to have been awarded a PhD in Computer Science from
University College London in 2012 and, almost a decade before that, an MSci in
Computer Science with Cognitive Science. 

I like Python and Java, vim and tmux, vagrant and Docker, machine learning, big
data and AI. 
